Update instructions for exporting business volunteering responses (#2428)
alphagov/govuk-developer-docs: source/manual/covid-19-services.html.md

[GOV.UK Production Corona Forms](https://logit.io/a/1c6b2316-16e2-4ca5-a3df-ff18631b0e74/s/04b46992-f653-4c14-965c-236e9a6c2777/kibana/access)
[GOV.UK Staging Corona Forms](https://logit.io/a/1c6b2316-16e2-4ca5-a3df-ff18631b0e74/s/7a0be476-6535-4544-8318-4c7a130948e8/kibana/access)

## Extracting form responses (business volunteering only)

Cabinet Office require data exports at regular intervals.  A
[recurring Concourse job](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk-coronavirus-business-volunteer-form/blob/5aed27777a22035b1b4f7ea9eafe612b105469a1/concourse/pipeline.yml#L99-L107)

> has been configured to export the data to a S3 bucket each day

Reviewer: ```suggestion
exports the data to a S3 bucket each day
```

between midnight and 1am.  Details of the bucket can be obtained
using `cf services` and `cf env`.

> Should further exports be required, There is a rake task to export

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Should further exports be required, there is a rake task to export
```
